many game modes -> MGM
so hard to kill -> reduce hp -> MGM game multiobj initializer
why do they chase me all the time -> solo hunter + leader of non solo hunters = worth more
what do i even do. i only collect ore. kill enemies? meh. explore?. just game, find fun for yourself. that's dark souls.

no challenge, nothing to think about -> fine, can be upgraded
base could have shields, i would have to time -> yup, autonomous shields
map is so small, it could have actual walls -> or walls could expand
driving drones? revolt
character is bs. pilots would be nice.
bullets are hard to see -> color
random map artefacts
collector doesn't acually serve it's purpose to be target or to def -> map size?
i can't win, no ui
multiplayer doesn't work -> important
fire actually looks good, if it had some variation and delays...

generate map as you fly. place walls. drill. stored in prefab.
ill need external data instead of prefabs if i want to share them

optimize net with pos aims for rotation and grid cells for pos
streaming assets could have prefabs, and prefab to link them. -> game mode
refill?
hit counter for score
destruction mode

summary

multiplay 2p -> important. player spawns, player sync
online edit will require files to be edited, up/downloaded, added to project -> meta.txt -> A pref alternative B made with unity, uploaded to store, imported midgame and stored locally
multiple project setups with different unit setups so that i don't lose previous setup
community, youtube.
small stuff, see bullets, fighters should be balanced
more modes

mode ideas

hit counter for score
destruction mode
infinite expand walls exploration mode
100 player mode
collector only mode
fighter only

impl layers:-----------:

rule box -> copies all rules to called, then erases itself. maybe loaded in layer instead to be erasable -> rule layers
layers would also give ai. prefab layers instead of string layers? both?
string layers exist = rule

i want to be able to add and remove block of logic, and disable and enable them as i wish

layer: enable/disable, has updatable trigger list
ruleboxPref: has layers
layers: list of layers
module has ruleboxPref list. at runtime it's loaded into module layer
module has one layers obj
layer should be activatable by script to allow ai switches


impl 2p: ----------------:
spawn 2 players -> register ship as player, spawn pos?

small stuff ------------:
bullet visibility on 2 backgrounds
